hey good morning YouTube this is my 2006
Pontiac g6 GT p with the 3.9 liter I was
reading a bunch of things on the threads
that y'all couldn't get the engine
intake from the 3.5 to fit on the 3.9
liter that's basically because it comes
with this
pussy-ass two two and a half
inch elbow that won't fit on the
throttle body because this throttle buys
a three inch
that go to a hardware store or
local auto parts store buy a three inch
hard rubber elbow and drill a small
half-inch hole big brass fitting screw
it in and that will replace for the PCV
valve sensor to draw air into the engine
the mounting points for the five mounts
aren't exactly the same as on the 35
because the throttle body sits straight
as opposed to angled at a 45 so this
being rigid you won't have to do this
one which attaches here to the firewall
are to the front of the engine bay but
the one over here fits fine gives it
about a inch clearance and give you
space between the belts and the tubing
you also have to do on the 35 this tube
there's about a six inch silicone rubber
tubing that is supposed to connect to
the PCV valve since you already have it
placed here within the elbow itself you
take the rubber tubing that came with go
to like an advanced autoparts and by
vacuum line caps I think this one's a
3/4 insert it into and cut it about two
inches that'll stop the packing
from here and yeah that's how I got the
engine intake to fit on my 3.9 liter v6
I hope this helped